## Tech 2 

    In order to detect the presence of an intruder, we imagined the sensor system mounted to a entrance door of a home. The system would essentially act like a doorbell but instead of innocent people going up to a doorbell and ringing it, it would be the system of sensors detecting whether someone is near the door, and if they are trying to break in by picking the lock or trying to break down the door. The system is composed of an accelerometer, an infrared sensor, and an ultrasonic detector. The acceleromater would be attatched to the door, and if the door is making too much movement, above a certain threshold, then the condition for potential intrusion would be true for the acceleromater. If the ultrasonic detector would be hidden away from the door facing the door to detect movement. If there there is an object within about 10 feet (or however many feet away you place the ultrasonic detector in your case) for a prolonged period of time (say 15 seconds), then the condition for potential intrustion for the ultrasonice detector would become true. Lastly the infrared sensor would have a similar function to the accelerometer. If there is a continous detection of something new for a similar time to the other two sensors, than the condition for the infrared sensor would also become true. If all the sensors read true, it would set off the buzzer alarm and turn on the camera input to view the now likely intrustion in progress. 

    We had many challenges during this tech asignment. The two of us were extremely busy the last week leading up to the submission date of this tech assignment, so we were only really able to meet up twice to start and finish this assignment. Lack of sleep from midterms and other assignments made it difficult to focus on completeling this tech assignment earlier. Additionally, during the tech assignment we had specific issues with our camera. We kept getting this error that the camera index could not be found. Eventually we were able to fix it with the help of Girish. We essentially had to imrpove our code a bit. It was something about the camera having multiple instances trying to run, and so nothing would work. There was also a point where for some reason, the accelerometer were were using started to smoke and smell burnt. We quickly disconnected the power and replaced the accelerometer. No students were harmed in this scary endevour. Wiring became very messy with this tech assignment, and every additional component we added would somehow make other things stop working. When we finally got the motor to work, the camera malfunctioned, until we searched through the code to see what could have been wrong. Other times the buzzer would work but the motor would not. It was a very time consuming process of trial and error. Debugging both the code and the circuit took up more time than actual productive coding and circuit building. All in all, through sheer perseverence and snacks and coffee to keep us awake from both of our present lack of sleep, we were able to make sufficient progress on this assignment, and overcame most of our errors, though we still don't quite understand why some things didn't work before. 